OWLNext License


1. Prerequisites

OWLNext is based on the Object Windows Library (OWL) which is copyrighted
software owned by Embarcadero Technologies (acquired from Borland Software
Corporation as part of its CodeGear division in 2008). To use OWLNext, you
need a license to use OWL 5, e.g. from the purchase of a legacy product that
includes OWL, such as Borland C++ 5.0-5.02 or C++Builder 4.0-XE2.

See our project web site for more information on how to obtain an OWL license.

https://sourceforge.net/projects/owlnext


2. OWLNext Specific License 

OWLNext consists of modifications and additions (collectively called PATCHES)
to the original OWL source code. These PATCHES are the property of the
respective contributors to OWLNext and are licensed for general use in
accordance with the MIT open source license. Note that this license only
applies to the PATCHES. The full OWLNext source code (the patched software) is
further restricted by the OWL license. See your OWL license for details.


2.1 Additional Terms in Extension Libraries

While the OWLNext core and the OCFNext extension library PATCHES are fully
licensed by the MIT open source license, there are various additional terms in
the source code for the OWLExt and CoolPrj extension libraries, such as "may
not be sold for profit", "may be used without permission, if appropriate
credit is given", "leave this header intact", "acknowledge me somewhere in
your about box", etc. See the source code for details.

Note: We consider these terms archaic and outdated, but we have not been able
to get in contact with the original authors to obtain permission to remove
them. For further discussion of these licensing issues, see:

https://sourceforge.net/p/owlnext/bugs/527


2.2 The MIT Open Source License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

All copyright notices in the Software, as well as this license text, shall be
retained and included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

https://opensource.org/licenses/mit
