-----------------------------------------------
Welcome to Meridian(tm)59: Vale of Sorrow

WARNING!  DO NOT INSTALL THIS SOFTWARE 
until the date specified at
http://meridian.3do.com/update/.

If you install this software before that 
date, you will not be able to play 
Meridian 59.

WARNING!  The install process will erase 
your old game map files.  You will need to 
revisit rooms in order to rebuild your map 
files.  This was an unfortunate side-
effect of the substantial improvements 
made to the game.

-----------------------------------------------

Meridian 59, the world's number one next 
generation Internet-based RPG, just got 
bigger, more exciting, and more mysterious 
than ever with new areas, new monsters and 
new quests to solve.

Explore a mysterious forest ruled by 
enchanting but deadly faeries and discover 
a secret source of magical power.

Enter the deadly Meridian Assassin game 
with your fellow players where stealth and 
skill, not brute force, are the key to 
winning.

Challenge a horrible new foe, the Lupogg, 
in the eerie depths beneath Barloque.

Customize your character with colorful new 
clothing options.

Instantly verify the quality of your 
Internet connection with a graphical 
latency meter.

Use expanded aliases and improved guild 
communications to keep in touch with your 
friends.

Screen out annoying language with a new 
text filter.

You can obtain additional information 
about Meridian 59 at the 3DO Meridian web 
site, http://meridian.3do.com/.  Please 
look there for news about upgrades and 
troubleshooting.  For gameplay questions, 
please check the help file by pressing F1 
from Meridian.  Gameplay hints and tips 
are also available at 1-900-225-5336.  For 
technical support issues send e-mail to 
meridian59-support@3do.com or call 1-415-
261-3454.

See you in the game!
-----------------------------------------------

